ajax/landscapes/OBJECTIVES.md, before:

# OBJECTIVES
- 1. Build the api and create a successful post request
### COMPLETED

- 2. Create a successful get request that pulls all the landscapes that have been posted
### COMPLETED

- 3. Create a successful patch request that allows you to edit a landscape
### COMPLETED

- 4. Create a successful delete request that allows you to remove a landscape
### COMPLETED

- 5. Create a catchall error handling feature that returns json instead of html for routes that are missing.
### COMPLETED

- 6. Create a successful CORS error handling feature so everyone has access to your api.
### COMPLETED

- 7. Send metadata in your responses with url information, and any useful information for each of the routes
### COMPLETED

- 8. Using next() method: Create a follow up response to one of the routes, so you can use the next() method appropriately
- 9. Create a countries route handler.
- 10. Create an association and categorize landscapes by country
- 11. Validation: prevent users from posting a new country if it's not connected to at least one landscape

## WEAKNESSES TO WORK ON
- 6. Creating a successful CORS error handling
- 7. Returning the results with the map feature
- 3. Creating a successful patch request: I have a hard time understanding the codebase used to return unly the aspects updated by the client, and not the entire object.

Commit message:

Still don't know how the next method works. Need further research. I'll move on to the next challenge in the meantime

ajax/landscapes/OBJECTIVES.md, after:

# OBJECTIVES
- 1. Build the api and create a successful post request
### COMPLETED

- 2. Create a successful get request that pulls all the landscapes that have been posted
### COMPLETED

- 3. Create a successful patch request that allows you to edit a landscape
### COMPLETED

- 4. Create a successful delete request that allows you to remove a landscape
### COMPLETED

- 5. Create a catchall error handling feature that returns json instead of html for routes that are missing.
### COMPLETED

- 6. Create a successful CORS error handling feature so everyone has access to your api.
### COMPLETED

- 7. Send metadata in your responses with url information, and any useful information for each of the routes
### COMPLETED

- 8. Using next() method: Create a follow up response to one of the routes, so you can use the next() method appropriately
*NOTE: I Still don't fully understand how the next method works, and I still can't use it predictably. I need to ask someone to help me in this area*
- 9. Create a countries route handler.
- 10. Create an association and categorize landscapes by country
- 11. Validation: prevent users from posting a new country if it's not connected to at least one landscape

## WEAKNESSES TO WORK ON
- 6. Creating a successful CORS error handling
- 7. Returning the results with the map feature
- 3. Creating a successful patch request: I have a hard time understanding the codebase used to return unly the aspects updated by the client, and not the entire object.
